hey we could take a lot of confidence
into those we every game that we play
and we want to take the positives away
with this but you clearly the mistakes
that would maybe want to learn from and
move on the Saracens this week would you
make them assassins have done one of
their every with won every game so far
this this season in there in the league
unlucky at the weekend got themselves in
a position at the end of the match that
possibly snatch snatch the win with the
drop drop goal and they manufacture that
position really well and that they're
dangerous side from the first men
through to the 80th in the league
standings are perhaps not necessary
effects with the strength that is your
six months behind them obviously you've
had perhaps what people can do because
the games as you say some would consider
that but I think every game in the
Premiership is tough we found that blue
this year with it so Quinn's we won by
there was a score in it Gloucester there
was a score in it will go away at
Leicester and it's a draw sit but every
match is tough and regardless of who you
play and when we play that we've all got
to play the same same team excited
actually it's um you know the tough
challenge so I think you know given us
get a start hopefully this weekend and
you know playing a the top team and the
Premiership his arm it was you look
forward to these games the tough ones
that the ones that you you know you need
to perform it so looking forward to it
thanks going 36 points behind Sarah and
I important do you feel a winning this
weekend it's important we want to win I
guess all our games every game and play
our prissy and Tim Wise would want to
win every game you go out there to win
they think anything goes out there to
lose but I'm being here at home this
weekend also helps as well because the
feds are being pretty awesome and
knowing it coming from an autumn where
the stadium's weren't so full to come in
here where the stands are for every week
is a big uplift as well and then
hopefully
let's get a win yeah yeah hopefully
against one of the top teams in the
Premiership there and beating at the
moment in the Prem and you know it's
going to be a really tough game you know
it's what premise shiver is why you play
rugby games like this isn't it yeah and
they obviously went out at even renowned
for how well I've done the forwards of
Stephen as well yeah they are you know
we've been looking at their pack and
they are they're a physical lot you know
they've got some really good for words
like Steve both weeks are a bit of a
lineout guru so you know we've look to
edit it and may got paid for it but you
know then everyone feeling is everyone's
excited Evan wants to prove that you
know we can go into the season and turn
over these top four teams when we're at
home so want to make this place a bit of
a fortress
you